# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists
This layout could be used to catalog all the historical actors for a given historical event. For instance, if it were a class about the Haitain Revolution cards could be added for Toussaint Louverture, Guillamme Raynal, Dutty Boukman etc.  Students and teachers could add cards as the course developed. The cards could become a devise for debate regarding historical worth; who should be included in the narrative, who should be excluded.  A democratic voting system could be added to add/delete cards.  Visually and spacially the card layout would help students to picture the historical actors in conversation with eachother.  It places the actors in a space together in a way that a book cannot. The possibility of students editing the "profile" of each actor makes space for a richer conversation regarding the role/lack of role of each actor.
## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
A responsible researcher should clearly state how the participants work will be displayed, where it will be displayed and who will have access to it. This allows the participants to understand the reach and effect their contribution may have, and the to what extent their work will be made public.  
There should be a mechanism in place for participants to continue to have an avenue for feedback regarding their work.  Perhaps they should be allowed access to continously edit their contribution, or maybe a regular check-in from the researcher regarding the project might suffice. A regular check-in from the researcher would increase the value the participants percieve in their work and contribute to a feeling that contrtibutions to these types of projects are worthwhile.  To be concise: researchers have a responsibilty to inspire in their participants a feeling of "this is worthwhile".  
## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
For each record there would be a set of fairly objective fields, like date of birth and death, name, place of birth, languages spoken, and family members.  There would also need to be fields that allowed for more descriptive texts, such as: historical signifigance, important influences, contemporary reach.  These "descriptive fields" would be the landscape for historical debate to take place.  These fields would be contentious, and would hopefully allow for richer understandings of historical figures.  
If each card could only be edited by one participant it would limit the scope of debate surrounding each historical actor.  A mechanism that allowed all participants to contribute would greatly improve the potential value.  It would be really great to have each contributors' text contribution highlighted in a different colour so that it would be easy to visualize the different opinions of contributors
